[Identity] 2.0.0-beta.1 release date (#14452)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/interactive-browser-credential.md

# Interactive Browser Credential

> The `InteractiveBrowserCredential` uses [Authorization Code Flow][AuthCodeFlow], which uses [Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636) both on the browser and on NodeJS. Under the hood it uses [@azure/msal-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/msal-node) for NodeJS.
> 
> For the browser it uses [MSAL v2.x](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js) by default (which also uses Authorization Code Flow), while it also allows switching back to the older [Implicit Grant Flow][ImplicitGrantFlow] by passing the `flow` property with the value `implicit-grant` through to the constructor of the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `InteractiveBrowserCredential` uses [Authorization Code Flow][AuthCodeFlow], which uses [Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636) both on the browser and on NodeJS. Under the hood it uses [@azure/msal-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/msal-node) for Node.js and [@azure/msal-browser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/msal-browser) in browsers.

For the browser, we allow switching back to the older [Implicit Grant Flow][ImplicitGrantFlow] (which was the only option in v1 of this package for this credential) by passing the `flow` property with the value `implicit-grant` through to the constructor of the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, as follows:
```

Reviewer: Unresolving this comment as I dont see the changes applied or the reason not to

Author: This is definitely there 🤔 Let me know if I'm missing something
